Everyone in this lecture, we're going to discuss the slight modification to our previous problem.
That is then Gwynn's problem.
Sometimes you might be asked again, sort of blending one configuration.
You're telling me the count of configurations, okay, in how many ways you can solve this problem?
What we did in the previous call was we were exploring the third space.
Okay, on each node in this such space represents a state of the grid in which a certain greens are
placed.
The what we did, we said okay, once we reached a valid state of the grid which satisfies the given
constraints these are looking will return true and we will not make any further.
So again, this is what we did.
But if you need to count all possible configurations, we don't need to stop whether the configuration
was found or not.
Okay.
Basically, we need to make some changes in this part.
Because this is the part that is stopping the further calls.
Okay.
This is stopping the for the recursive calls.
But if you want to find out all possible configurations, then you should not stop.
Okay.
So what we will do will make some changes in the quote I will tell you.
So firstly, we really make it as maybe eight letters.
We want to return the number of these.
Maybe the return type is will change will change it to end and whenever the base cases hit.
Okay, let let me just comment out Brentwood.
So it's okay.
Let me get done one, because there is one way in which we could add this base case.
Okay, this is here.
Don't leave.
The configuration was successful or otherwise we could not reach a golden.
Okay.
In the recursive case, what we are going to do, we can still do the same thing.
We'll try to place the Queen in every column.
We will try to check whether the position is safe or not.
If it is, if we will place it on here, we don't need to check whether the remaining board was ordered
or not.
Okay.
So what are you going to do?
You can assume that your answer is currently zero.
You're starting from zero zero and the answer to note the number of is, okay, maybe the number of
ways to solve this problem is zero.
And what do you do?
You basically ask the remaining the next row in how many ways you can solve this problem.
Okay.
So basically, you have something like this.
You assume that for the current role?
I'm assuming that my answer is zero.
And you ask this remaining thread in how in how many ways you can make up the remaining configuration.
If I fix a queen at this particular point.
Okay.
This is what we are doing.
We are saying, okay, let us assume that the answer to the number of is right now is zero.
But tell me how many ways you can fill this remaining grade under?
I will add to the number of these.
Okay.
So I will say we actually don't need this one.
We don't need this.
But it's okay with plus equals to solve green.
Okay.
Now, this is an important step.
So what is going to happen when you place a queen?
It may be the remaining bold God wizard or maybe the remaining world guide wizard, and we will return
to zero here.
But maybe when you place a queen at this particular index, let's say.
You place a in at this particular index that it may be the remaining world returns one.
So you will add one to the mix.
Maybe the new trailblazer queen at this index.
The remaining board again returns a one.
Maybe you are one here.
Maybe you again play the queen in the remaining world.
Return to zero here.
Okay, so maybe you will get okay.
There are two ways in which I can solve for this part of the board by putting Queen's at this location
looking.
And it is also possible for some bigger, bold.
Maybe the remaining whatevers in this subcritical move alternate base.
We will add it to the answer that you are forming for this particular group, so each row will form
its own answer.
Okay.
Each row is going to form x unanswered.
And when you're going to total up, you're going to total up the answers.
But all the columns for a given row, we are going to add them up and we are going to return back to
the mean.
Okay, this is what we are going to do.
So this is exactly what we are going to do here.
So we have already made the changes.
Okay.
So assume that we don't know how many ways we can solve the problem.
We assumed over until the zero.
But every column, whatever the number of is, we computed using the recursive call.
And every time you hit a base case, you're going to get a one.
Now, why this will work is because, let's say from this board, you make multiple calls.
Okay.
If you have four columns, we're going to make four calls maybe one time.
Green is yet another name or desir in their name.
In their name.
Or does it oc the whatever these words are going to read, done, maybe X, Y, Z and w, you're going
to add them up and this will actually go recursively and this time is zero.
This time I S1, this time I S2 and this will happen till then.
Okay.
So in the some of these calls will lead to the base cases and those base case, some base cases will
return one and some.
Some will not lead to basic -- calls will not lead to basis.
And those calls may be the number of it is zero.
And you're dining with as zero.
When some calls, this answer might be zero.
Okay.
So the valid base case is older than one and then you are actually summing up these ones and here you
will get a final answer, eight or nine or whatever it is.
Okay.
So maybe we should try to run this code.
We should give change this output code.
The number of ways is to solve the problem as this.
And here what we are doing.
Yeah, we are returning an integer.
So let's render code for an equal to four.
I knew MTV.
We are actually doing this.
And I will tell you what.
I border those veins.
Okay?
I will tell you what are those vs.
Let us run for an equal to eight for this, Don.
There should be 92.
So let's see.
Yes, we are getting the right answer.
Okay.
So let me go back here and let me tell you why it doesn't.
That is to of how this court is working.
Okay.
So.
Right now we are now discussing.
But in all config.
All config.
So the work we have done till this particular point in the explanation video, I'm going to just start
on the top of that.
Okay.
What we discussed was time we found this particular solution.
Okay, so first time in this particular role, we placed a queen at this location.
But for this queen, we got the number and the number of days as zero.
Okay, so let's assume we already got an entourage of zero because no configuration was possible for
next time we placed the queen here.
Okay.
And we made a call on this rule.
And for this rule, we are already on the last column.
This column is going to done.
It is going to be like this 000 plus one.
You could only find out one way when you place the queen here.
Okay, so it does.
We actually want to return one to the previous rule.
Now what is going to happen?
So this was the first solution that we found found out.
Now, we're not going to stop after finding this particular solution.
What we're going to be doing to say, okay, already we are done with the solution.
Let us backtrack.
Let us remove this screen from here and let us try to place a screen here.
Okay.
So here you can place a screen that means something is wrong.
It's not a valid state.
We will go back.
So this will actually be done a0 and v we are distro now and we say, okay, let us try to change the
location of this particular queen.
So this we have already tried can replace here.
The answer is no can replace here.
Done that is no can replace her done.
Traditional will go back and we will try to remove this queen on Gandhi.
We have already tried this one can replace here nowadays it is we can't do anything else here.
So what we will do will again go back and we'll try a new configuration.
Okay.
So we will try.
To place a green insert of although this was a successful configuration, we are we have already tried.
We are going to remove it and we are going to start afresh.
Yep.
So I should have removed these crosses and we are trying out this location.
If we place a green here, can we do something done that is can we place ahead?
Yes.
Let's go to the next stroke and we do something.
Hernandez.
Yes.
Let's go to the next rook and replace the queen here.
Done today?
Yes, we found out another configuration.
Okay, so here it is going to make a call on the base case because it's going to return.
One way for this is going to be zero plus one less if you try to place ahead.
It does not allow your trailblazer.
It is not allowed.
So it's going to be zero zero.
Okay.
So it is going to tell the previous row there is one way that this row would have been told.
This row again was all in one way.
This will tell us 000 less for this location.
We have 12000 plus one.
So this will tell one to the this call.
And now this row will again try to place a queen here, which is not allowed here.
It is not allowed here.
It is not allowed to.
It will be again zero zero plus one again when you're done, another one hit.
So it would be like one zero plus, one plus, one plus.
Now this row is going to try to play the queen hit and do the work, but it is a symmetrical case.
Again, going to be zero.
So you are going to get actually two ways.
So effectively.
The two ways that we are getting they are mirror images of each other.
Okay.
You will see the configuration as.
Mirrored off each other.
So I will just print this board for all the configurations by calling this method now, and I will show
you the answer.
Now, I took these two configurations that actually seem.
Maybe we should call this Soylent Green and then try to run it.
If you look carefully that these two configurations are actually identical.
They are mirror images of each other.
Okay.
These are these two are mirrored.
Right.
So that's why we're getting these two ways.
So I hope you really understood this problem.
So in every regression problem, you need to see what to be.
And how do they look?
So here what we did is we made this logic that for every role that is being done, someone said the
total number of days would be the sum of each column.
Let's add this has as one this as as doing this as a study that says that's four.
So the answer for row as one as two as three.
As for rule, I would be sum of as one as two.
A three has four, which in turn depends upon the number of ways returned by the remaining problem by
placing the Queen at the date column.
Okay, that's what we are doing.
Okay.
So I hope you really understood these two variations as well.
How to count all possible configurations and how to present all possible configurations.
Okay, so this is something.
I relearned, Buddy.
Now I have a very large number.
This kind of record will not work because the complexity of this code is going to be exponential.
You can see it is going to take a lot of time and we are going to get that really kind of thing.
Okay.
So it's not going to end, but for a small value, we can actually run discord.
So you can see we're getting down to 4 to 8 cross aid grade and there are 92 such combinations which
are possible.
So one last thing was the complexity.
How what is the complexity of this code look?
Any guesses you want to make?
So what we're doing for every arrow.
What we are doing.
We are picking one position.
Okay.
So we are picking one position and one base.
And for each of these positions we are picking.
And even position from hit and run position from hit and run position from it.
So this is nothing but end to end.
End to end.
How many times we have Andrew's end times.
Okay.
This is Andrew's to devouring, which is a very large exponential complexity.
Hence, this code will not work for larger values of end.
And we can't actually solve for the larger values of an object in a limited thing.
One small thing that you may you might be asked is, is there any tighter bound on the complexity?
The one thing that we can think of is once you have placed a green in this particular role, you know
that you will never place a green in this column again.
So this, this, this, you can skip in like order one time and maybe you are trying the remaining and
minus one combination.
Okay.
So if you have end with here for the next row, you have n minus one ways to pick the green for the
next you have n minus two.
Okay.
So in some sense it can, but it allows and into n minus one, into n minus two, into into one.
So you can also see that order of in Victoria, which is also an exponential complexity.
This is slightly lighter dieterbohn then order of entry to the barbarian.
Okay.
So this is also fine.
You can choose this as an option if you get a MCU kind of equation as well.
So that's all for this lecture.
Thank you.